# ITWS-2110 - Web Systems Development - Quiz 1 - README

## Choices & Observations
### 1. Creating a separate `fetchDishes.js` and `parseDishes.js`.
Although I could have had combined both of these files into one singular JavaScript file, I prefer having the AJAX responsible for fetching the data from `dishes.json` and regular JavaScript separate from one another for readability purposes. Because these two files are separate, I use a custom dispatch event `DishesReady` that gets broadcasted by `fetchDishes.js` to control the firing of the code in `parseDishes.js`, which is responsible for building the HTML in the `<table>` element.

### 2. Using a [Color4Bg](https://www.color4bg.com/en/generator/black-white-grid-array?color0=e4dbd3&color1=bfc7df&color2=c2b9d4&color3=f1eadf&color4=d6b2e6&color5=c6b3f5) script to enhance the visual appeal of the site.
Color4Bg is a website that lets you generate custom abstract color backgrounds controlled by JavaScript. According to their Terms of Service:
>The backgrounds generated by this Website are provided free of charge and are not subject to any copyright restrictions. 
>You are free to use them for personal and commercial purposes without attribution.

Since this tool is completely free for both personal and commercial use, I have used Color4Bg on almost all of my web projects, including both school and work projects. I love this tool!

### 3. Using ChatGPT to generate the images for the dishes.
To avoid using copyrighted images/photos, I had ChatGPT generate a photo for each of the four dishes. Although I would have preferred to use real photos, obtaining the images through ChatGPT yielded the added benefit of allowing me to specify the exact aspect ratio I wanted each picture to have (Square), without any additional cropping or adjustments. 

### 4. Tables are annoying!
Since this was the first time I have ever worked with the `<table>` element in HTML, it posed a bit of a learning curve, specifically with respect to CSS styling. Ultimately, I was able to achieve a "good enough" visual result, however there are a few issues with responsiveness, especially when displaying the site on a viewport that is too narrow (the text in the table is displayed off the side of the screen).